On-Behalf-Of Token Authorization (#274)
grafana/azure-data-explorer-datasource: doc/on-behalf-of.md

# On-Behalf-Of Authorization

The feature can be enabled with the checkbox from the plugin configuration screen.

> ⚠️ When provisioning, you also need to set `oauthPassThru` to `true`, such as the following example has done.

Reviewer: I feel like this section has too many exclamation marks. Can you remove this one?

```yaml
apiVersion: 1
datasources:
  - name: Azure Data Explorer
    type: grafana-azure-data-explorer-datasource
    access: proxy
    basicAuth: false
    editable: true
    jsonData:
      onBehalfOf: true
      oauthPassThru: true
      clientId: <your client UUID>
      clusterUrl: <your cluster URL>
      tenantId: <your tenant UUID>
      tlsAuth: false
      tlsAuthWithCACert: false
      defaultDatabase: <your default database>
    secureJsonData:
      clientSecret: <your client secret>
      tlsCACert: ''
      tlsClientCert: ''
      tlsClientKey: ''
    version: 1
```

> ⚠️ Only compatible with Grafana 8.3.4 or later above.

Reviewer: Move this sentence to the top of the section (right under the header).

> ⚠️ Grafana alert-rules do not work with on-behalf-of authorization.

Reviewer: Replace exclamation mark with: `> **Note:** Grafana alert-rules...`

## Setup

Configure Grafana to use OAuth2 with Azure Active Directory as [documented](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/auth/azuread/). The `[auth.azuread]` `scopes` (or `$GF_AUTH_AZUREAD_SCOPES`) must contain “openid email profile”.

ID tokens must be enabled with a checkbox found on the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/) under “App Registrations” → the respective application → “Manage” → “Authentication”.

In addition to the “Microsoft Graph” `User.Read`, a special “Azure Data Explorer” `user_impersonation` permission must be enabled on the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/)  under “App Registrations” → the respective application → “Manage” → “API permissions”. ⚠️ “Admin consent” is required.

> 

Reviewer: Please rewrite this to a _step by step_ setup. E.g:
1. Configure Grafana to use OAuth2...
2. Enable ID tokens.
3. Allow user impersonation permission
4. Enable "Admin consent" under “App Registrations” → the respective application → “Security” → “Permissions”.

Since the admin consent part requires an actual Azure admin to make changes in the account I think you should elaborate a bit on this. You can add something like this _Enabling "Admin consent" will grant consent on behalf of all users in the current tenant, ensuring the users will not be required to consent when using the application._

Author: Admin consent is enabled by default already, but OK. Microsoft has plenty of documentation on how to configure the consent. What we need to provide is a checklist (as provided here).

Reviewer: It should be clear to the user why admin consent is necessary. As said before, add this text:
_Enabling "Admin consent" will grant consent on behalf of all users in the current tenant, ensuring the users will not be required to consent when using the application._

# On-Behalf-Of Authorization

> ⚠️ Only compatible with Grafana 8.3.4 or later above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**note***: The feature is in beta, which means changes to the API and the user experience might occur.

⚠️ Only compatible with Grafana 8.3.4 or later above.
```

The feature can be enabled with the checkbox from the plugin configuration screen.
When provisioning, you also need to set `oauthPassThru` to `true`, such as the following example has done.

```yaml
apiVersion: 1
datasources:
  - name: Azure Data Explorer
    type: grafana-azure-data-explorer-datasource
    access: proxy
    basicAuth: false
    editable: true
    jsonData:
      onBehalfOf: true
      oauthPassThru: true
      clientId: <your client UUID>
      clusterUrl: <your cluster URL>
      tenantId: <your tenant UUID>
      tlsAuth: false
      tlsAuthWithCACert: false
      defaultDatabase: <your default database>
    secureJsonData:
      clientSecret: <your client secret>
      tlsCACert: ''
      tlsClientCert: ''
      tlsClientKey: ''
    version: 1
```

> **note***: Grafana alert-rules do not work with on-behalf-of authorization.

Reviewer: After closer consideration, this is actually not fully accurate. Please change this to:
_It is not recommended to setup [alerts](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/alerting/) when the data source is configured to use on-behalf-of authorization. This is because the alert rule will no longer work as soon as the user that created the rule is logged out from Grafana._

# On-Behalf-Of Authorization

**note***: The feature is in beta, which means changes to the API and the user experience might occur.

⚠️ Only compatible with Grafana 8.3.4 or later above.

The feature can be enabled with the checkbox from the plugin configuration screen.
When provisioning, you also need to set `oauthPassThru` to `true`, such as the following example has done.

```yaml
apiVersion: 1
datasources:
  - name: Azure Data Explorer
    type: grafana-azure-data-explorer-datasource
    access: proxy
    basicAuth: false
    editable: true
    jsonData:
      onBehalfOf: true
      oauthPassThru: true
      clientId: <your client UUID>
      clusterUrl: <your cluster URL>
      tenantId: <your tenant UUID>
      tlsAuth: false
      tlsAuthWithCACert: false
      defaultDatabase: <your default database>
    secureJsonData:
      clientSecret: <your client secret>
      tlsCACert: ''
      tlsClientCert: ''
      tlsClientKey: ''
    version: 1
```

> **note***: Private clouds (like "chinaazuremonitor" or "govazuremonitor") are unsupported with on-behalf-of authorization. They may, or may not work.
> 
> **note***: It is not recommended to setup alerts when the data source is configured to use on-behalf-of authorization. This is because the alert rule will no longer work as soon as the user that created the rule is logged out from Grafana.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We do not support on-behalf-of authorization for private clouds (like "chinaazuremonitor" or "govazuremonitor") at this time.

**Note:***: Do not set up alerts when your data source is configured to use the on-behalf-of authorization. Alert rules will not work once the user who created the rule logs off from Grafana. 
```

# On-Behalf-Of Authorization

Configure Grafana to use OAuth2 with Azure Active Directory as [documented](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/auth/azuread/). The `[auth.azuread]` `scopes` (or `$GF_AUTH_AZUREAD_SCOPES`) must contain “openid email profile”.

ID tokens must be enabled with a checkbox found on the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/) under “App Registrations” → the respective application → “Manage” → “Authentication”.

> In addition to the “Microsoft Graph” `User.Read`, a special “Azure Data Explorer” `user_consent` permission must be enabled on the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/)  under “App Registrations” → the respective application → “Manage” → “API permissions”.

Reviewer: I think we also need to say explicitly that it's not recommended to create alert rules for an ADX data source instance that is configured to use OBO.
